Business Entities

Employees
Project managers
Delivery managers
Stakeholders
Project Assignments
Current status
Performance


Business Operations

Employees
1. Employees can Register with there credentials like emailID,Password and Id provided by organisation
2. Employee can Login in their account with authorised credentials provided at the time of registration
3.Employees can update there profile having personal details like email,profile picture,current address
4.Employees can manage their schedules according to upcoming projects and if needed leaves,can inform managers prior to project 

Project Managers
1.Project Managers can Register with there credentials like emailID,Password and Id provided by organisation.
2.Project Managers can Login in their account with authorised credentials provided at the time of registration.
3.Project Managers can update there profile having personal details like email,profile picture,current address
4.Project managers can allocate and deallocate employees depending upon project requirement.
5.Managers can apporve or reject "leave request" pass by employee.
6.Managers can provide feedback to teams working on projects and even track performance of teams.

Delivery Managers
1.Delivery Managers can Register with there credentials like emailID,Password and Id provided by organisation.
2.Delivery Managers can Login in their account with authorised credentials provided at the time of registration.
3.Delivery Managers can update there profile having personal details like email,profile picture,current address.
4.Delivery Managers can track current status of project and with the help of project managers can arrange meetings. 

Stakeholders
1.Delivery Managers can Register with there credentials like emailID,Password and Id provided by organisation.
2.Delivery Managers can Login in their account with authorised credentials provided at the time of registration.
3.Managers can provide feedback to Managers handling projects and even track performance of teams.